you have a very
special nature
when we've worked hard together to
unlock
oh me out
[Applause]
[Music]
the results are normal anything you want
a flag
no no i'm fine
mom hi darling how was your cheer dull
extraordinarily dull our next contract's
a big one
the target is the ceo of the largest
operation in the u.s
you'll be binding to colin tate we can't
afford any mistakes on this one
ready
what's with you today what do you mean
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm in place to help you
finish this
what are you doing i can't pull the
trigger
i need to know i need to know what she's
done to me he's becoming danger
come out or i'll do it
[Music]
sometimes
that's small thought all it takes
to lose control
are you a princess maybe really
give me a kiss give me a kiss give me a
kiss give me ah
super charming is back
yeah it's happening
[Music]
this is recording now and we'll be
recording the whole time
[Music]
oslo was a convicted felon he is also an
informant for the federal bureau of
investigation
we have a buyer i will take everything
you got got him
[Music]
you're a cop these guys find out you're
a cop you're a dead man you understand
i'm gonna give you one chance and i'm
gonna give it to you in a few seconds
phil freeze that's why i could see him
aypd
this is bad business starzik tells me
that
the cop was pointing the gun in your
face
you now owe the price of your life to
white deck how much is your life well
you'll break your parole go back to
prison anyone can get drugs inside
that's you i want out we go along with
the general's plan
evidence of fentanyl being methodically
distributed inside a state prison buries
the general for good
and if that happens you're a free man go
back inside
you'll never get out
i'm here to investigate the death of
somebody very close to me
we can't have this detective find out
that an fbi informant was present during
the murder of one of his own
you want to pitch your field office
against the biggest police department in
the world
you love us a good fighter on my mind
like a sick pleasure
what are you thinking burn
he has a family we looked him in the
eyes we made him guaranteed
i don't have kids i would suffer too
much if something happened to me
please daddy come back home i'm scared
i'm doing everything i can i'm coming
from
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm the hangman and i just put a tight
loose around your neck
i'm not this end is now
[Music]
surprised
a lot of people are wondering what
happened last night
with you and the boy i tried
to listen to me you didn't listen to me
if you touch me you will burn
that's impossible
[Music]
do you believe me now
how did this happen to you i don't know
i don't care what he is we need to find
him
quickly get him under control
eric stop this i can't
he cannot reach a city you do agree with
me right
sometimes bad things happen to good
people
don't no don't
[Music]
who knows what you can achieve if you
learn how to control it
[Music]
all right well i never thought i'd be
saying
the last mission before mars and yet
here we are
making last preparations for the long
journey
we've been to the moon uh we're going to
mars
you have a daughter right yes
i think you ought to ask him to lighten
your load
[Music]
you know this is no place for a kid here
you're gonna have to cut the cord
you're gonna be gone in a month
[Music]
there's hello such thing as a perfect
astronaut
just like there's no such thing as a
perfect mother
foreign
[Music]
liftoff
i'm gonna be good lion
i mean i can see you see your future
when i close my eyes
[Music]
don't it all lay down in front of us
we're not gonna lose
hey something wonderful is happening
tonight ladies i can feel it
come on give me a little walk let me
hear you raw oh man i'm trying to focus
your little raw lion
[Music]
you owe me money you don't have i'm
offering you an opportunity
without a royale 400k
take it to this address by this time
next week
and lion stays home to god
you don't seem like a boxer to me what
do you mean
you haven't got that thing what thing
this thing
i don't walk around going like this to
people
i could kill you but i never get a
return on my investment
we got one option we fight
[Music]
you use me from what i'm good at and
everybody knows it
you set me up
[Music]
why am i gonna look out for you
i know you're trying to do you don't
know why i do what i do
[Music]
we're not gonna lose
it's fight
[Music]
i got an interview with roland pollock
oh my gosh that is amazing
and it's on campus it's in manhattan
we're always talking about going into
manhattan for a special weekend this is
gonna be absolutely fantastic later
maybe we could take a carriage ride yeah
if it doesn't rain you're by far the
most
interesting american director since this
is your first meaningful assignment
would you like a scoop
of i can't make lunch
why not he's going through this real
artistic crisis it's a scoop
gatsby nice to see you it's good to see
you what are you doing i'm just out here
trying to
create a modern film to wear a classic
okay all right do you want to be in it
hey should we do this
hey are you going to keep your mouth
closed i have a girlfriend chan i don't
think i can do this
team 19 take two action
[Music]
josh it's uh starting to rain and cut
see i know you could do it i just won't
tell your girlfriend
ashley what's going on you said you were
going to call me 30 minutes ago the 70
million
movie and raleigh's very unhappy with it
you call him raleigh
yeah and ted and i we have to find him
before he has one of his crazy fists
who's ted
was that your boyfriend yeah he's a
little eccentric
raleigh oh my god you're francisco vega
he's that good or bad
my roommate thinks you're the greatest
thing to come along since the morning
after pill francisco vega is in town
with his new main squeeze on his arm
my girlfriend dumped me from a movie
star oh what are you doing here all
alone
i make dreams come true how do you do
that i get 500 sweetie how'd you like to
make 5 000.
mother this is my girlfriend ashley ann
ray better grow up and get a profession
you think a girl like that wants to live
hand-to-mouth
funny you should put it that way
she's apparently onto a very big story
she takes her job very seriously i
shouldn't imbibe so copiously
i become passionate aggressive absurd
i just hey ashley i can't talk to you
right now what could possibly be so
secretive about that
unless there's some funny business going
on unless there's some funny business
going on
this is real life real life is fine for
people who can't do any better
supposed to be one tiny little lousy
hour interview instead
lost the whole weekend i'm on to a real
story here take off your raincoat
i can't i have no clothes underneath
mmm honey it's so good yeah mm-hmm have
a good day
me too when you're finished with the
questions
please pass them forward
oh
and that's when we found out i have
schizophrenia
a chronic mental disorder allowing for
visual and auditory hallucinations
never normal the end
some people just hear voices good
morning but i see
mine more awesome
i had to switch schools where's your
straight jacket freak
my mom is on this quest for a cure
but nothing works just give it time
[Music]
this looks like it could be nice
i'm maya i'm adam i came over here to
intimidate you
but something tells me you're homeless
if you need anything let me know
for the first time in forever i felt
normal
what's with the cookbooks i'm sort of
studying to be a chef
sort of where are you what don't look at
me
look at her you have a problem with eye
contact do you always say exactly what
comes in your mind
well it's best to say exactly what you
mean or nothing at all
unrelenting honesty you know
[Music]
you know when i first met you i thought
maybe he's just awkward and unsocialized
but
that's not it there's something else i
don't know what to say to that
i'll crack you petra sully last night
when you finally called me i know that
you must be scared
and that it's lonely in your head
adam hey stop i'm sorry
when you're a cancer kid people are so
eager to grant any wish you have
but when you have schizophrenia people
treat you differently
is that why you didn't tell me because
you thought that i was going to leave
[Music]
nothing else you see him right yeah
he's real
everyone's flawed but admitting our
flaws gives us the opportunity
to face them i'm always gonna see things
and hear things
that i shouldn't
[Music]
i can't put you through that what makes
you think you get to make that decision
on your own
even give me a chance to stay what'd you
have
i love you you have to let people
discover all your dark places inside
because those are the people that can
show you what's real
when you can't see that for yourself
[Music]
hey i'm right here
many millennials are still struggling
financially one generation which is one
percent controls more wealthy
thank you for agreeing to talk with me
you will have the opportunity
to tell your story
can you give that to me
i got a nice job it's just a startup
we'll have to keep you perfect for it
and what's the business
[Music]
throw this on before you get out
they would steal anything of value and
then just destroy the rest for fun
and mel donnelly is how they made money
you had someone without asking me and
bring them to my place of business
i didn't see anything oh yeah you did
you say one word to anyone i dare you
everybody knows very few people have all
the wealth and they like to keep it that
way
we're not just stealing we're sending a
message
if someone considers going off the
tracks my face will be the last thing
all of you see you have not been honest
with me
you made the choice to make it harder
for yourselves
you don't think i have a plan we're not
here to hurt anybody right
i mean that just went great
[Music]
this is the end what did you do
we'd rather be dead than submit to the
system
that's right and dressing with your eyes
peel off that spandex
stop that's not what i'm doing his
shorts are so tight you can see that his
little dude is also wearing a tiny back
me
okay you seem upset well my business is
in the toilet
i don't have insurance oh i can barely
pay my bills
oh come on today my car got repossessed
other than that i'm amazing
it's time for you to come face to face
with who you are and what you're capable
of
what is this place the answer to all
your problems
are you kidding me this is a shelter a
safe haven for women to come
without societal judgment come on sam
mclaughlin what you got lizza
you up next rocky fight
[Applause]
are you gonna tap out when step out me
guessing i lost her yeah but at least
you fought you took a lot of courage it
would take a miracle worker to help me i
think i know just the guy
that's who you want to train me
[Applause]
i want you to train me train you to do
what ride a bike i'm part of a fight
club
that sounds dangerous i am sick and
tired of my demons getting better at me
and i want to
punch them square in the face
i like you heidi anna okay let's go with
that
you don't even hit like a girl you hit
like a cat like a cat that can't box
a place like that should be about real
competition with real fighters she moves
like neo in the matrix
i'm not afraid of you cobra kai better
watch your back
yeah well you better watch your front
parts this pretty face i'm gonna lose it
she's been holding back i'll see you in
here tomorrow night heads up
let's go
walk away mom jeans these are tight
that's it you
this is crazy
[Music]
all of you have killed someone
if you weren't here you've been present
or worse
and your mutants are dangerous
we know
this place takes your greatest fear
it makes you live through it
oh scary
what are you doing gotta get better
someday
stephen bear let's play a game
whether i turn out to be the hero of my
own story or whether that station will
be held by anybody else
these moments must show my boyhood days
seem now like a scarcely believable
fiction
london is full of wonders and wickedness
and it's ours david to go wherever we
choose
well i'm not down there creditors make
that road impossible two tailors and the
most unreasonable muffin men
topper field your mama is ill how old is
she
very very ill ferial ariel dangerously
ill
she's dead we're very sorry
i'm david copperfield i'm your nephew
you're the only family i have
what do we do with them now you i wash
them
oh donkeys this is a donkey free zone
move it he's a remarkable woman very
kind
you add nothing then you add something
and now you got nothing again so it
stands to write your love something
again
he was staring is there something wrong
with me no i apologize for my rudeness
think
nothing of it sir he speaks very well it
was actually me
hi romeo do some work oh good morning
you know what i want a straight jacket a
husband
feels like a party
[Music]
ha ha
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction
it is in fact written memory
and you have quite the ride on the way
there's something cursed about this land
our family moved west on a promise
a promise that now looked rotten
there's no room for boys in this family
anymore
and no one warned my brother about what
can happen
when you dream about destiny that's how
alison wells
entered this story
[Music]
the thief and murderer allison wells
sent five human souls to heaven if you
see this woman
do not confront her
you okay
somebody's gonna pay me 20 000 to get
them to mexico can you even imagine that
much money
we gotta get all the farmers and we
gotta search
i need to get out of here you're hunting
me
you found ya who was lady
it's complicated you know the worst part
of dying is king
is being forgotten
[Music]
it's not safe me being here
or for any of us for that matter
[Music]
i won't be another victim of their lives
scared ass yeah me too
[Music]
i don't know what i'm doing wrong
i've lost my influence maybe it's time i
retired the coat
you still have it some kids with a deer
rifle put
two holes in the sleigh wanting me all i
have is a
loathing for a world that's forgotten
united states military would like to
procure your services this is a one-time
deal gentlemen
how are you mike nicole and the kids are
well i hope
who are you
[Music]
what's the job i'd like you to kill
santa claus
i'm looking for the fat man you can't be
serious
this is what people actually think of me
christmas is a farce i am a joke
what's the purpose of your visit hunting
i'm gonna kill some things
there is a rising number of our youth
making poor decisions
what the big man's head severed heads
rot they mold they don't want his beard
i'm not shaving off a dead man's beard
your workers sure have healthy appetites
that's why elves live much longer than
humans
and chris he does the same
no it's a giving that keeps him young
i've come for your head fat man
[Music]
think i got this job because i'm fat and
jolly
is
[Music]
it wasn't blitzer should tear your
package clean off
[Music]
the master this held prisoner
in tower grey prison
in 500 years no one has ever escaped
anyone who can get to the top is free
who is next
i've been waiting for this for a long
time
you know better this way
i owe you my life i'm going east come
with me
my village has changed
something is very wrong
she's an evil
but in god's name is happening
my people are suffering
i must help save them we need my
father's seal
[Music]
filled with dangers
frightening but quite impressive kill
him
when i have the seal of the dragon
i will rule the world
where's the dragon
some people that see me
they might think my life's dirt
but i always thought of my life like a
fairytale story
don't you want a home i got a home
skid row it's not a home not for a 12
year old girl
hello alicia it's good to meet you you
said her father was ill
he suffered a traumatic brain injury
while serving in iraq
he has episodes bad ones
social services want to take you away
from him and nobody's looking out for
your dad
he doesn't deserve that alicia
have you seen little girl she was
visiting her dad
alicia
[Music]
now we're going out of the city go
far away and then you'll get better
i like that dream that's a good
dream you stick together
you want me
[Music]
you know he's dangerous he cannot take
care of her
dad
[Music]
i think that you are very special
you my daughter
ain't nothing going to change
[Music]
you